#### Summary ####
There are 1 buckets with the following number of articles in them:
----------------------
100
#################

#### Printing 3 random articles from buckets which have more than 3 articles ####
----------------------

-----------------------
Bucket with 100 articles in it
-----------------------


XXXXXXXXXX
New article
XXXXXXXXXX

Carolyn Bean Publishing Ltd said
it has completed the acquisition of greeting card company
Millen Cards, which had sales of over 1,500,000 dlrs in 1986,
for undisclosed terms.
    The company said 90 pct of Millen's cards have been sold in
the northeast and mid-Atlantic states, but Bean expects to
increase sales to 2,500,000 dlrs this year by distributing the
line nationally.
    Millen specializes in Jewish religious cards and also sells
traditional greeting cards.
 Reuter

['acq']

XXXXXXXXXX
New article
XXXXXXXXXX

Pantera's Corp said it agreed to
buy ten pizza restaurants in southeastern Colorado from
creditors foreclosing on the facilities.
    The purchase price includes 1.25 mln dlrs in cash and
company stock, it said.
    Separately, Pantera's said it issued an area development
agreement with a franchisee group for northeastern Colorado,
including the Denver area, for the opening of about 20
franchised Pantera's pizza restaurants.
 Reuter

['acq']

XXXXXXXXXX
New article
XXXXXXXXXX

Schlumberger Ltd said it terminated an
agreement in principle for Fujitsu Ltd to buy 80 pct of its
Fairchild Semiconductor operations.
    The company said the rising political controversy in the
U.S. concerning the venture made it unlikely that the sale of
the Fairchild stake could be completed within a reasonable
time.
    The sale has been opposed by the U.S. Commerce Department
and the U.S. Defense Department, in part on national security
grounds.
    The company said termination of the agreement opened other
possibilities, including a possible leveraged buyout of the
semiconductor maker by Fairchild management.
    In the interim, Fairchild would continue its ongoing
business within Schlumberger, the oilfield services concern
said.
    Last October, Schlumberger announced the sale of the
Fairchild stake and said it would take a 200 mln dlrs charge in
the fourth quarter from the sale. The company ended up
recording special charges of 2.1 billion dlrs in the fourth
quarter, leading to a loss of 2.02 billion dlrs for the year.
    Schlumberger never announced a price for the sale, but
industry analysts have estimated the value of the deal at about
200 mln dlrs.
    The proposed sale was under antitrust review by the U.S.
Justice Department. Additionally, Commerce Secretary Malcolm
Baldridge and other U.S. officials have voiced reservations
about the transaction since it was announced.
    Government officials have expressed concern that the sale
could reduce the competitiveness of U.S. chip makers by putting
key advanced technology into Japanese hands.
    New, high-technology semiconductors are used in
supercomputers, which are faster and more powerful than
existing computers.
    Schlumberger is an oilfield services company controlled by
French interests and headquartered in New York. Fujitsu Ltd is
a computer and telecommunications company based in Japan.
 Reuter

['acq']
